>> Mike North: So here is our exercise.
We've got this listener support module.
If you click on this, it should take
you right to the file and it does.
So we wanna change register and unregister
to registerListener, unregisterListener.
So that's gonna be your first refactor.
The second one is, and
let me explain the purpose of this object.
It basically just lets you
register functions, and
we accumulate those functions in an array.
And then we can call this function,
we can call it fire on
a listener support instance.
And it'll basically go
through that array and
invoke all of those functions one by one.
It's just it is like a low-level
thing that is used for
allowing concerned parties to subscribe
in the event that something happens.
And then fire is what we're gonna
use when we want to say, okay,
broadcast to all concerned
parties that this is happening.
So that's all that this does.
So we basically wanna just rename
these register and unregister,
so that they are a little
bit more descriptive.
But we wanna also change
the format of how fire works.
So we wanna pass it, currently it's
just taking in anything at all, and
it's passing that directly
to the functions.
We wanna now wrap it in an object
that looks like this, so
that the thing that should be passed
to those functions is available
at the data property of whatever
is passed as an argument to fire.
So we pass something like this to fire,
but
the value of that data property that
is what should be passed into each of
those listener functions
as they're invoked.
So for this you're going to need to,
you're gonna
need to go through and
figure out who's using this,
make sure that they all remain untouched.
Who's using the fire function rather,
so they're not gonna remain untouched.
They'll have to each change, so you'll
probably wanna use find all references.
Oops, sorry, this here is a typo.
I'm actually gonna fix this right now.
This should not be in this exercise.
We'll remove that.
So you wanna ensure that
wherever someone's calling fire,
they need to be updated to accommodate
this new type of structure.
And anything that is registering
a listener or updating a listener,
the only thing that should change in those
files is the names of the functions.
Register, unregister should be
registerListener or unregisterListener.
The callback should just
be able to proceed as is.
Nothing should change there.
So this should give you some exposure to
a limited subset of Visual Studio Code's
refactoring capabilities.